Good morning, family. Thank you for
joining me today. Braden and I are
driving around; Diana had some things she
had to do, and I said, 'Well, let's make a
video for the family while we're sitting
here.'I
thought this was a cool
backdrop with this Route 66
painting on this wall. Look at
that, isn't that neat? Somebody
worked really hard on that.
I just thought it makes
a good video for y'all, something
to look at. I wanted to talk
to
you all about this link that I got from someone
in
an
email. They sent a video where
a
lady's talking about a
chip that a Muslim man has designed.
It
causes you not to have emotions when
they put it in you, and they want to
experiment with
prisoners.
I'll let Braden put it in there so you
can see this video because it's that
alarming. It's exactly what I
told
you the Lord showed me in
Tribulation when I went to tribulation
with Him. I said it's similar to
Neuralink, but it is not
Neuralink. This chip, this new
AI technology, is
designed
to
somehow be put in your brain,
and it causes your brain to be rewired
so that you think differently. It's
designed to rehabilitate prisoners.
Instead of putting you in prison
for 10 or 20 years for whatever felony
you were
convicted
of—depending
on how severe the punishment
is—they
will reprogram your brain
with AI technology to make you think differently.
They will
give you the option:
go to prison for
that sentence or let AI technology
reprogram your brain with this Mark of
the Beast chip, which is what I believe it is.
I think this is interesting
because I told everybody it's not Elon
Musk, but it's similar. This is a similar
thing, and it will work with
Starlink. I warned everybody this is
coming.
When
this guy sent me
this video and told us to look at this new
technology that this Muslim man made,
I told Diana, 'Study this; we've got
to know if this is legit.'And it's legit;
he has his own YouTube
channel.
Braden and I were both like,
'Oh my God,'because folks, this is exactly
what the Lord showed me: that they will
do this to reprogram people to be like
zombies and worship the Antichrist
on
Fridays. I knew it was some kind
of technology similar to Neuralink,
but I knew it wasn't Neuralink; it
would be a piggyback off of Neuralink.
I thought, 'When is this
coming?'I've
prayed over this since
2014, when the Lord put this on my heart.
Whenever I had the visitation from the
Father—like
I had this
out-of-body
experience where He took me out of my body
all night long and
took me to tribulation—He warned me of
what was coming.
In
2014, none of this stuff was
really going on,
but now we're seeing a
Muslim man say that it's reprogramming
people's minds. They send
these AI technology waves into
your brain to make you think
differently so that you don't have
to go to prison. They just reprogram your
brain, but it makes you not normal.
You'll see the
video right here of everything that this
TikTok
lady's talking about. But
then when you research this,
the guy is legitimate. He has his own
YouTube channel, and he's brilliant.
They are coming up with a new prison that
allows inmates to serve years of their
sentence in just a matter of minutes.
The criminals are going to have a choice:
spend tens of years behind bars or
get the
artificial memory implanted into their
brain. This process is called Cognify,
and the intent of it is to treat the
criminal like a patient. They're going to
try to change the person's brain
chemistry. After this process, when they
re-enter society, they will be new and
reformed, and they won't even be capable
of committing any other crime. The chip
can make the patient feel empathetic.
Depending on the severity of the crime,
the chip can also make you feel the
emotional and physical pain of the
victim and the family members. You can
feel what they felt. The process only
takes about seven minutes, but to the patient,
it seems like it has been years. Last
year, the US government spent 8.7 billion
taxpayer
dollars on the prison system. They say
with this new prison, they can save money
for healthcare and education.
Also, they feel there will be so many
reformed people that don't commit
crimes. Do y'all think this is actually
going to work, or do y'all think that
they're creating something that they
don't even know they're creating? I
tried to tell you all when Jesus said,
'I'm standing at the door and I'm
coming.'We
see all the things in the news
about Israel, what the Lord warned me
about Jonathan and David. Israel
is
saying Benjamin Netanyahu said that
Trump was the greatest president
and
friend that Israel has ever had, and
we're seeing it play out. What the
Lord warned me to tell you all is
that
we have a Jonathan and
David relationship taking place
right now,
and
it would be a three-stranded
cord.
The
covenant we have as
people—how
we've been
lackadaisical
and how we've stood with
the
covenant we've
made with the Lord as a
nation—making
a strong tie to Israel would
bring a blessing on America.
The
Lord warned me about a
four-year
window for a major harvest. A
major outpouring of His Spirit beyond
anybody's comprehension is coming. I
told you in that
four-year
window, the Lord
said, 'What will you do with this
time that I've given you? Will you
squander it? Will you waste it,
Brandon? Or will you reach out and go and
get the lost? For the harvest is
plentiful, and the laborers are
few.'The
Lord said to me,
'It's time for the
people to bring in the
harvest.'We
will see the greatest
outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord
like we've never seen before, and the
finances are going to take place first.
It takes
finances to produce the Gospel; it's not
free. We see President Trump—when I
told you all, I warned you what the
Lord said to me when
Diana
and I were just interceding and
praying. He told me about the line,
and He said they're bringing forth
the
end-time currency, the digital platform.
We're seeing the digital platform
being unfolded right in front of our
faces.
But He said, 'What the devil is going
to use for bad in the future, I will do
for good right now.'He said,
'Brandon, there are great days of
harvest ahead.'Even last night in my
prayer time, He told me again,
'Brandon, don't be
down. I told you the greatest days are
ahead of you, days of great
joy.'These
days will
be fun. This is what
we've all been waiting for.
He told me
the crypto market will be
very volatile. I'm not a real
educated man when it comes to this kind
of stuff. I dropped
out of high school and got my GED. I
cleaned
bathrooms because I had so many
learning problems, and I'm not a person
who is real educated about the financial
markets. All I know is I pray, and the
Lord will speak to me and tell me
what's coming.
That's why I
was a janitor for so long, because
I
couldn't read and do anything with
computers. I
had to have Diana help me with
everything. She helped me get my GED; I
barely even passed that. But the
Lord told me, 'I will take
the foolish things of the world and
confound the
wise.'He
said, 'Stay
humble, deflect everything to me, son.
Always give the glory
to
me.'I
told the Lord I'll do
whatever He asks me to
do. I'll come on here and tell you
all
what's
coming. I'm not always saying
I'm right about the timing. There's a
depth perception to it.
I've said that a thousand times. People
say, 'I thought you said there was a crash
coming.'There
is, worse than in the
1930s, because people don't know how
to make a garden like they did back then.
People around here
will
want to shoot you for some toilet paper
like
during COVID. The morals have
declined.
If you see what I
have seen coming—great trade wars,
things with China holding back
prescription medicine
and
medical supplies
in
retaliation—I've
seen great dark days coming. But I've
tried really hard not to focus on those,
to be excited and warn you about
the financial outpouring. But the Lord
said it will be a
window. A window is not very big.
He said, 'Brandon, I will
give you a window to bring forth the
finances on your households to tell my
people what's coming so that if they
have ears to hear,
they will not be taken by
surprise.'A
great shaking is going to
take place for an
awakening. But you as the bride are not
to be shaken to awaken
because
you're already awake. You're the virgins
with their lamps full of oil
ready for the bridegroom to come.
The
shaking is the one last call that I
warned you about. He said, 'One
last call, and I'm calling forth the
sheep in the back
field.'How
are we going to wake them
up? He
said to keep doing the same thing and
expecting different results
is
insanity. We're going to have to do
something drastic to get the ones that
are totally asleep. I tell you this,
as I traveled over the last couple of weeks
praying over Florida, I
realize how many people are still asleep. Diana and I
and the kids are
very
much
like
hermits. It was a real
eye-opening
experience when
you see how asleep everybody is.
There
are
so many of you all that
take offense to me saying that about Florida,
but you're
asleep. Maybe there's not so
many of you that watch this channel, but
I realized today how many truly are still
asleep as I traveled
thousands of miles
sitting in the car
just driving around, praying.
When
you have a child with special
needs, you don't get out and walk a lot.
We're still believing
God for some things that I've never
talked about, so we drive around
and
pray. We didn't want to
push
Megan
in a wheelchair, so we
just drove.
I'm very sensitive
to
atmospheres, and the atmosphere was so
bad in Miami that I
turned around because I
didn't want to deal with it. This
is vacation; this isn't prayer
time. There's a lot of
intense
spiritual warfare. I told
Diana,
'Oh dear
God, I want to just pray over some of
this.'It's
just being real
when
you're under so much
spiritual pressure and hate from
so many
people—YouTubers
that
just want to ridicule you
because they make content off
of you. That's how they make their
living, by being mean. I just go,
'Whatever produces
a livelihood for you.'I'm not here
to hate on them. I pray for
these haters. But I know this,
that Jesus is coming, and I'm going to
keep saying it as loud as I can.
I warned you about the
tariffs and trade
wars.
But the Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm
going to give you a window of
opportunity to bring in money for your
family.'Get
a place to
have a
garden, get a place for a well, find
a place in the country. For there
will be days when people are
looting
and rioting in major cities. I saw them
with signs saying, 'We want our
entitlements.'If
you thought during
COVID
was bad, I saw that on steroids because
it was all
around the United States. People were saying,
'We want our entitlements,'because the
government cut off funding.
I told you I saw a plague coming;
I
told you I saw these chicken
shortages
coming.
Sometimes
it's years. I warned you in
2023 that there would be
trade wars
and
that there would be
a time
that there
would
be
no medical supplies for major
surgeries, like cosmetic
surgeries.
I saw
that
only serious surgeries would take place.
I don't know when that
will take place, but I saw a window of
opportunity where they would not be able
to do any kind of surgery unless it was
life-threatening.
You say, 'Brandon, that's so far
out there.'I'm trying to tell you what I
saw.
It's not to scare you; it's just to
prepare you. I warned you about food
supplies
and
money shortages.
But the Lord said He provides a window.
If my people who
are called by my name will humble
themselves and pray,
then they will hear from
heaven and I will heal their land. The
people interceded, and He said, 'Because of
the intercessions of the
righteous, I've granted you more
time.'A
great financial collapse was coming.
I saw
a dam of sludge, and I
saw economic crisis across it. He
said, 'I'm going to hold that back a
little longer for you to have a window of
opportunity to get your
supplies ready, to get your household
ready like Joseph.'Joseph had
seven years of
plenty
and seven years of famine. The
Lord told me He's going
to provide for
my
family like He did for
Joseph.
If you are seeking Him, you will
find
Him.
Jesus is a
rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
I told you to watch
Zelenskyy
and
Macron. I saw them devising a plan to
try to keep this war stirred up. I warned
you there would be major war in
Europe, and I saw Putin striking
Warsaw, Poland, with a bomb that
has never been used before,
technology we've never seen
before. It was very destructive.
I saw
that a major draft
would take place because of the
outcry.
I saw men and women going into
this war.
We pray for the Ukrainian people
and
the
Russian people. We don't wrestle
against flesh and blood, but
against principalities and
spiritual wickedness.
I told
you I saw an Antichrist spirit like that
on Hitler rising up,
trying to flap its wings.
I saw the Antichrist spirit on
a certain man behind a curtain,
being groomed by
demonic
little devils.
He's
coming. But we would see an
Ishmael
with Macron in the days
ahead, and I believe we will see
Macron take more of a
dictator-type
role in the
EU.
I saw a
rising up with Israel
striking
Iran, major strikes
against their oil refineries.
I saw
major
gas and oil deposits coming for Israel and
the
United States. I
saw the major Nord
Stream
pipeline being renegotiated
and trying to be opened.
Major things taking
place with Trump—'drill, baby,
drill'—and
major oil
revenue. But I saw
gas
taking off because Iran
was crippled.
I saw gas lines for blocks long
like it was
in the
1970s. I warned everybody there
would be a time of gas shortages.
I saw tractors in fields
not moving. I saw no water, no water, no
water. I've warned you of
great manipulation of the
weather. Weather warfare is coming.
They will
manipulate the weather
to be used against
people demonically. As they try to
control the weather, they will lose
control of it with certain
storms. It will cause great
devastation with straight-line winds and
hurricanes.
There will be another
level of hurricane
strength,
super
hurricanes, super tornadoes, and super
hail.
Super straight-line
winds—things that
look biblical in proportion
that are
trying to be made by
man
demonically to
manipulate
countries
and
people.
Folks, we're so close
to Jesus's
return.
Even
if it's 20 years, that's
nothing
on
the scale of eternity.
We're
right at the door. No man knows the day
or the hour,
but
I have an urgency in my
spirit.
The Lord
told me, 'Brandon, there's not an
urgency in my body, for my return is
imminent.'I
want to remind you that on
March 14th, we have a blood-red moon,
a significant sign
concerning
war. Kim Clement
prophesied that Trump would be a
peace president.
The Lord told me
that is the cry of Trump's heart:
for peace. But as we see the birthing
pains accelerate, we will see things that
we did not know we would see—wars,
rumors of
wars,
plagues,
and
earthquakes.
I told you I
saw the black horse riding
with
scales in his hands.
The Lord told me famine
and the plague will go hand in
hand.
The chlorophyll horse—the green chlorophyll
horse—and
the black horse will
ride
together
like
brothers.
Brandon, I want you all to
have an
urgency.
I'm excited
because Jesus
is coming.
If you remember the Five Pillars
Trump brought
up—Solana,
Ethereum,
Bitcoin,
XRP, and then another.
He said almost all five
pillars.
I said the Five Pillars have
extensions:
XLM, Cardano, and he brought
those
up.
Algorand,
things like that. I
warned you about the Five
Pillars, and I saw
all the other cryptos falling like
stars.
They brought stability
and structure to the
market because it's too volatile. The
Lord said there will be great volatility
and
shakeouts. If you're a bandwagon person who
didn't
hear this for yourself,
there'll be days of
great shakeouts because you didn't hear
God.
There'll be 1% of
you that remain wealthy—1% of you that will maintain the
wealth
for
the
end-time
harvest. The rest of you will be broke
and lose it all within a 24-hour period.
You will lose everything.
1% of you will be dead
to self enough to keep what's coming. That
is
very
small. But if you are listening to Him,
you will know what to do with this
money, and God will use you
to
make
billionaires for the kingdom. There will be
multi-billionaires that rise up in
these last days.
There'll be 1% of you.
But a lot of
bandwagon people
will lose it all that fast.
You have
to be led by your
spirit,
not
your
flesh.
You say, 'I'll just
put it in this or
that.'I
told you there are plans about taxes.
The enemy has a
plan to snare you
and
take everything
you have. You
have to listen to the Holy Spirit. You
say, 'Well, I'm going by what
Q said.'Who in the world
is
Q? Don't be listening to
weirdness
or
conspiracy
theories; listen to the
Spirit of the Lord.
Give to
Caesar what is Caesar's.
If you
don't
pay
your
taxes,
you'll
go to jail. The Lord told me the
enemy is going to try to snare
you with the Dinar, with greed
and
lust. You think you're
going to do this on your own?
You are mistaken.
You must remain filled
with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
What is the Father saying
to you?
Are you a bandwagon Christian
following
trends? Do not follow trends; follow
the voice of the Lord.
Don't
follow my channel and say, 'Brother
Brandon said this, so it must be
good.'I'm
human; I can miss it. You must be
led by the Spirit for
yourself. I'm
nobody
special,
just
a
sinner
saved by grace.
But I'm
hungry and thirsty.
Let's pray together.
You say, 'Brandon, I'm not going to be
that 1% that loses
everything.'Father,
we thank you for
every person here.
We believe they are
going to be that 1%
who
die to
self. You must die to
self.
A dead man doesn't have emotions, doesn't feel rejection or anger. A dead man is dead. I want to be less of me and more of Him. A
dead man doesn't
get
upset when people persecute him.
1%—that
number is not very big.
Oh, that you would be so close to Him.
All it takes is one
second for your life to
never be the
same.
It's just a
yielded
surrender.
Father,
I thank you for your presence.
We ask for
revival even on this
street. I pray for Megan; I thank you
that
she
is healed
of that cough right now.
I pray for
everyone
here today, that you're
healed and whole in the name of
Jesus from every virus and plague.
I call you healed and
whole.
I thank you, Father, that
they're filled
with the Holy Ghost
and that there's an
anointing on them to set the captives
free. I thank you that
you will provide everything
they
need.
I pray
marriages be restored and children
come home.
I call
wayward
children home right now.
I call
for
the blinders to come off
their eyes.
Faith calls those things that be not as
though they were. Now
they're healed, now
they're delivered.
We
believe and receive today.
Harvesters and sowers will go hand in
hand.
Amen.
If
this video blessed
you,
please subscribe.
We'll never ask
you for
money.
If anybody
asks
you for anything on social media, it is not us.
We won't ask
for crypto or
donations.
Freely we give.
God is a rewarder
of those that seek
Him.
The Lord said,
'Brandon, I want you to pray over that
picture and bless that family.'Someone sent a picture of their family.
If
you
want
us
to
pray
for
your family,
send
a picture.
Put their name on the back
so I know who it is.
My wife, children, and
I will
pray over those pictures
every day.
It's
an honor.
God bless you all.
Have a
wonderful day. Bye-bye.